you smell like you brushed your teeth
with a toothbrush ring of life doesn't
get any better than this I'm on the
toilet handling my business neck and all
is right in the world who said that it's
me the toilet
give me a buddy over no way it's my fave
how about I just give you some of my
poop instead give me the
[Music]
he's not you brush your teeth with a
toothbrush made at Pima happen to you
man
stupid toilet attacked me for my lupron
bar yeah right no I'm serious
just because you're jealous that we're a
potty training you're not special
anymore it doesn't mean you have to
scare us with some hole through told
stories didn't say it was haunted I said
it talked to me
what's this about a dunking toilet man
he was highly unlikely to me whatever
come on I'll show you guys we just need
to go in there and destroy the toilet
sorry ma'am we need that toilet my mom
says if I don't stop using diapers
she'll send miss hugs a lot to work in a
diamond mine in Africa if I don't she's
gonna make me live in the dog li-i-ves
on diapers a bit trite really I ain't
never giving up diapers man I'm with you
really I'm on probation so I can't
really be gone doing any crimes right
now screw you guys
I'll find some other better friends to
help me take that bitch down
sorry stupid baby we got better things
to be doing right our social calendar is
all fall off and I'd suggest you don't
have any of the super book
[Music]
sorry buddy I need to get my tan on I've
got a date with Bruce tonight for the
last time I don't like girls like not
even slightly yeah it's totally true I
mean he's even made out remember that
was pretty awesome
totally I hate you both wait what did I
do
but I love you penny come back I'm into
that let me get this straight you have
me to help you blow up my own toilet or
hit it with a large hammer or something
go for the Splane backpack thanks
anyways I think I know just the guy for
the job do you mean make him sound to
leave the country to avoid prosecution
for a crime I did not commit
so that can I help you destroy
electrolyte EXO EXO Jack I don't need
friends to fight you
[Music]
need some help there buddy we love to
help our friends who are you
we're your new imaginary friends and
we're here to help you with anything
that you want
we're not jerk faces like your stupid
real friends you want to help me fight
the toilet first sure right on let's
burn this mother down man it sure is
nice to have new friends who like me
from me and have no ulterior motives at
all sure thing Anthony we looked you for
you and I've no ulterior motives all you
need to do is give us your small
anything you say we're new best friends
anything you say
[Music]